Hint
Double-click the Change Log label in the main menu for a free achievement.
When playing on a non-ranked map, a scorecard is created afterwards. You can access the scorecard directory from Extras menu.
If you don't like the default WSAD movement, try the Alternate Movement setting in game options.
Out of ammo? Go to workshop and buy more.
Areas you uncover will be permanently visible on your map. Do some exploration!
You can get useful resources by digging different mineral walls.
Your turrets can shoot through structures you placed. Keep that in mind when devising defense strategy.
Machine gun is useful for killing hordes of enemies and your ammo supply.
Be sure to check available technology upgrades every now and then. You might find something useful.
If you feel like your drill could be a bit faster, upgrade it.
Lumen is a precious mineral that gave hope to the humanity. Be sure to hoard as much of it as you can.
You can use your drill to demolish buildings you no longer need.
Hold the button when throwing out item to throw whole stack.
Triple tap button when using Drill to enable auto-drilling.
If you are stuck, hold Respawn button to free yourself at the cost of your life.
Supposedly there is a great secret hidden on some maps, but appears only on Wednesdays.
The heartbeat warning on low health can be disabled in game options, should you find it irritating.
Buildings damaged by monsters will drop less resources when destroyed.
Be conservative with using resources. You don't need every single building to win.
Buildings destroyed by enemies will return less resources.
You can place a Storage Container next to a Miner to automatically collect the mined resources.
Resources in your storages are globally available and will be used when your inventory runs short.
Some enemies are resistant to low caliber bullets. You can eradicate them effectively with Sniper Turrets.
Machinegun Turrets are great for big swarms of weak enemies, but useless against strong monsters.
Bomb Turrets are expensive, but they are lethal in dealing with huge swarms of monsters.
If you upgrade your wall too much, enemies may avoid it in favor of softer terrain. Be mindful what you are upgrading.
Use Info Center to know where to focus your defenses.
You will lose all items upon dying. Make sure you always have a spare clone at the reactor.
Remember that your reactor has a Lumen Shockwave function that you can use as a last resort when you are overwhelmed.
Scout Center will upgrade only the player that built-it. Keep that in mind if playing co-op.
Too much metal and not enough Lumen? Build a Lumen Farm.
Don't neglect placing Scout Center. Self-improvement is also important.
Luck stat in Scout Center increases your critical damage chance and gives you chance to evade enemy attacks.
You can stop flying enemies using foam.
If you hold Attack button while using Spear, you can charge a more powerful attack.
Time your Spear swings correctly to execute a powerful combo attack.
If you urgently need metal and you own a Miner, you can interact with it and overclock it using Lumen.